hello hola Bonjour my beautiful friends
it's me here today and today I'm going
to be showing you a really cool and
romantic feminine braid I'm going to
romantic right so I saw this hairstyle
on Instagram I followed this brilliant
photographer her name is genre Mosca and
she's absolutely beautiful and she was I
think in Moscow and she was wearing this
incredible dress with open back and weak
embellished flowers and she was wearing
her hair and it's really simple but
beautiful braids so pretty much she had
kind of the sides twisted from both
sides and then you know there was the
braid it looked incredible and when I
thought I was like I must recreate this
for myself and to obviously show you
guys as well now to see how to create
this incredible braid keep on watching
alright so you're gonna be needing a few
simple hair tools for this hairstyle one
of the most important thing is a teasing
brush also some hair elastics you can't
really see them and I'm wearing my lucky
hair extensions because for this
hairstyle I definitely need all the
volume and thickness I can get the first
thing I'm gonna do is just tease the
hair here at the crown of my head if you
don't want you tease you here you can
skip that step but I think it just makes
a huge difference so I'm just gonna take
my brush and I'm not even using any
hairspray cuz I'm just gonna be lightly
teasing it just to create just a little
bit of volume cuz it's a bit flat up
there so we're just gonna quickly do it
kind of not paying attention to too much
if I'm doing it properly or not just
really fast just take the brush go up
and down
no sectioning required throw it back
maybe pick up just a little bit of hair
on the sides just gonna do one more here
and that's really it I'm gonna take my
brush now and just smooth out this hair
the first thing I'm gonna do I'm gonna
actually section this side banks cuz I
want to keep them out but you can also
twist them if you want and I'm gonna
take the first section here at my left
and I'm gonna twist it and then what I'm
gonna do next is add a section to it
from the bottom so the section that's
right under it and then I'm gonna
continue twisting and then I'm gonna add
another section and keep twisting it so
this is pretty much the whole process
and you want to twist it all the way
back and down
so add a section twist it now once I get
to the end of the twist I'm just gonna
grab my elastic and I'm just gonna
secure this twist with an elastic now
I'm going to go ahead and do the exact
same thing on my right side so I'm just
gonna grab a section and then twist it
first add a section underneath keep
twisting it if you have long hair make
sure it doesn't get tangled as you twist
it so just run your fingers through the
hair and then add another section and do
it all the way back
and secure the ends with an elastic
again
this is a beautiful hairstyle on its own
so you can either stop here and it would
be like sort of a twisted ponytail or
you can go all the way and do the braid
and that's actually the hardest part
because if you have long hair and you're
braiding back you know it gets a little
bit tiring for the arms so I'm going to
go all the way and show you how to do
the braid now I'm going to take this
right twist and this is going to act
like section one the hair in the middle
will be section two and the hair the
twist and the in the left is going to be
section three I'm going to take these
three strands and I'm gonna start doing
a regular braid now first it's easy but
as you go down it becomes harder so when
my arms start hurting I'm gonna bring it
to the side and finish the braid on the
side and I'm just gonna finish the braid
on the side I'm just gonna secure the
ends with an elastic we're not finished
yet I'm gonna go back and I'm gonna
start Fany on the braid because that's
gonna make the biggest of the difference
you know it's gonna make the braid looks
twice as big so I'm just gonna go back
and I'm just gonna grab each section and
slowly and carefully start pulling it
out
and you hear silos done all right so
that's it for today I'm gonna post a
link to the original photo down below so
just check the info box the information
will be there let me know how you like
this hairstyle down below leave me a
comment
I love reading your comments like this
video share this video and subscribe for
more awesome hair tutorials thank you so
much for tuning and I love you guys so
much and I'll see you soon bye hello
hola and once your wigs look I thought I
had everyone one what it didn't cuz it's
like you're speaking different labels
watch can you feel the love I can feel
the love okay that was kind of weird
Hey